## Reinforcement Learning - A Browser Based Visualisation Tool
### 4th Year Final Project
### By Kevin Gleeson
### Student at: [GMIT](www.gmit.ie) Galway
## Project outline 
This project will help to explain the temporal difference reinforcement learning process by displaying an agent's behaviour, performance and Q-Table (memory) as it interacts within its environment. The application is a browser based visual tool where a user can tweak parameters within a form before running the application. Once the form is submitted, it will then make a request to run the application held on a server. Once the script has completed, the user will be presented with and animation of the agent moving through it's environment. In addition, a graph of the agent performance and the q-table will presented to the user for examination. There are two different temporal difference algorithms for the user to choose being Q learning, an off policy strategy and SARSA (State Action Reward Action), an on policy strategy. The performance of these two algorithms will be presented to the user for examination within a linear chart.
This will aid the user in better understanding the concept of reinforcement learning.
## The Main objectives of this project are:
* Implement two different temporal difference algorithms SARSA and Q-learning written in python.
* Allow for user interaction via a web page form
* Using Flask server to handle request from the user
* Present the user with data generated by the main python script on the server 
* Parsing Json, text and csv files generated via Ajax
* Use the parsed data to animate the agent in HTML canvas
* Google chart for graphing the agent performance
* Generate an dynamic table that updates from the csv file
* Add a heat map to the values of the table as it updates
* Deploying the application to Google Cloud Platform

## Installation Instructions
You can access this application at the following URL: 
[https://reinforcementlearning.appspot.com/](https://reinforcementlearning.appspot.com/)

Alternatively you can clone the repository and run the application locally by following the below instructions:
### Local installation
#### Cloning the application
* To clone this repository ensure you have git installed on your machine. You can download and install it [here](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* Open a command line tool of your choice and type the following command:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kevgleeson78/Reinforcement-Learning.git
```
This will clone the entire repository with all of the files needed to run this application.
#### Running the application
* As the data generated is quite large it has been omitted from the repository. 
  Once you have the repository cloned navigate to the static folder.
  Then create an empty folder named exactly "Data".
*	Download and install anaconda python [Click here](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/)
* Open a command line tool and change directory into the FlaskApp folder of the cloned repository.
* Type the command "python FlaskTest.py" and press enter. This will start the server at the local address http://127.0.0.1:5000/
* Copy the above address into a browser window of your choice and press enter. 
* This will now run the application within a local environment for you to interact with.
